README.md, before:

# bunyan-slack
[![bunyan-slack](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/bunyan-slack.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bunyan-slack)
[![bunyan-slack](http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/bunyan-slack.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bunyan-slack)
[![bunyan-slack](http://img.shields.io/npm/l/bunyan-slack.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bunyan-slack)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/qualitybath/bunyan-slack.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/qualitybath/bunyan-slack)
[![Coveralls](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/qualitybath/bunyan-slack.svg?style=flat-square)](https://coveralls.io/r/qualitybath/bunyan-slack)
[![code climate](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/github/qualitybath/bunyan-slack.svg?style=flat-square)](https://codeclimate.com/github/qualitybath/bunyan-slack)

**Bunyan stream for Slack chat integration**

First install bunyan...

```
npm install bunyan
```

Then install bunyan-slack

```
npm install bunyan-slack
```

##Basic Setup

```javascript
var bunyan  = require("bunyan"),
	BunyanSlack = require('bunyan-slack'),
	log;

log = bunyan.createLogger({
	name: "myApp",
	stream: new BunyanSlack({
		webhook_url: "your_webhook_url",
		channel: "#your_channel",
		username: "your_username",
	}),
	level: "error"
});

log.error("hello bunyan slack");
```
You can also pass an optional error handler.

> Specify a Slack channel by name with `"channel": "#other-channel"`, or send a Slackbot message to a specific user with `"channel": "@username"`.

```javascript
new BunyanSlack({
	webhook_url: "your_webhook_url",
	channel: "#your_channel",
	username: "your_username",
}, function(error){
	console.log(error);
});
```

##Custom Formatters

By default the logs are formatted like so: `[LOG_LEVEL] message`, unless you specify a `customFormatter` function.

```javascript
	log = bunyan.createLogger({
	name: "myApp",
	stream: new BunyanSlack({
		webhook_url: "your_webhook_url",
		channel: "#your_channel",
		username: "your_username",
		customFormatter: function(record, levelName){
			return {text: "[" + levelName + "] " + record.msg }
		}
	}),
	level: "error"
});
```
##Custom Formatter Options
> Check the [slack docs](https://api.slack.com/incoming-webhooks) for custom formatter options.

###Putting it all together
```javascript
var bunyan  = require("bunyan"),
	BunyanSlack = require('bunyan-slack'),
	log;

log = bunyan.createLogger({
	name: 'myapp',
	stream: new BunyanSlack({
		webhook_url: 'your_webhook_url',
		icon_url: "your_icon_url",
		channel: '#your_channel',
		username: "your_username",
		icon_emoji: ":scream_cat:",
		customFormatter: function(record, levelName) {
			return {
				attachments: [{
					fallback: "Required plain-text summary of the attachment.",
					color: '#36a64f',
					pretext: "Optional text that appears above the attachment block",
					author_name: "Seth Pollack",
					author_link: "http://sethpollack.net",
					author_icon: "http://www.gravatar.com/avatar/3f5ce68fb8b38a5e08e7abe9ac0a34f1?s=200",
					title: "Slack API Documentation",
					title_link: "https://api.slack.com/",
					text: "Optional text that appears within the attachment",
					fields: [{
						title: "We have a new " + levelName + " log",
						value: ":scream_cat: " + record.msg,
						short: true
					}]
				}]
			};
		}
	}),
	level: 'error'
});
```

## Authors
* [Seth Pollack](https://github.com/sethpollack)

***
This library was adapted from  [winston-bishop-slack](https://github.com/lapwinglabs/winston-bishop-slack)

The MIT License  
Copyright (c) 2015 [QualityBath.com](https://www.qualitybath.com/)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Create test case and update Readme with the new option

README.md, after:

# bunyan-slack
[![bunyan-slack](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/bunyan-slack.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bunyan-slack)
[![bunyan-slack](http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/bunyan-slack.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bunyan-slack)
[![bunyan-slack](http://img.shields.io/npm/l/bunyan-slack.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bunyan-slack)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/qualitybath/bunyan-slack.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/qualitybath/bunyan-slack)
[![Coveralls](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/qualitybath/bunyan-slack.svg?style=flat-square)](https://coveralls.io/r/qualitybath/bunyan-slack)
[![code climate](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/github/qualitybath/bunyan-slack.svg?style=flat-square)](https://codeclimate.com/github/qualitybath/bunyan-slack)

**Bunyan stream for Slack chat integration**

First install bunyan...

```
npm install bunyan
```

Then install bunyan-slack

```
npm install bunyan-slack
```

##Basic Setup

```javascript
var bunyan  = require("bunyan"),
	BunyanSlack = require('bunyan-slack'),
	log;

log = bunyan.createLogger({
	name: "myApp",
	stream: new BunyanSlack({
		webhook_url: "your_webhook_url",
		channel: "#your_channel",
		username: "your_username",
	}),
	level: "error"
});

log.error("hello bunyan slack");
```
You can also pass an optional error handler.

> Specify a Slack channel by name with `"channel": "#other-channel"`, or send a Slackbot message to a specific user with `"channel": "@username"`.

```javascript
new BunyanSlack({
	webhook_url: "your_webhook_url",
	channel: "#your_channel",
	username: "your_username",
}, function(error){
	console.log(error);
});
```

##Custom Formatters

By default the logs are formatted like so: `[LOG_LEVEL] message`, unless you specify a `customFormatter` function.

```javascript
	log = bunyan.createLogger({
	name: "myApp",
	stream: new BunyanSlack({
		webhook_url: "your_webhook_url",
		channel: "#your_channel",
		username: "your_username",
		customFormatter: function(record, levelName){
			return {text: "[" + levelName + "] " + record.msg }
		}
	}),
	level: "error"
});
```
##Custom Formatter Options
> Check the [slack docs](https://api.slack.com/incoming-webhooks) for custom formatter options.

##Rate limit

Since Slack has a rate limit of one message per second, there is an option for how many messages that are allowed to be sent.

The option is called `rate_limit_interval` and the value is the interval time between each attempt to send a message. Setting `1000` would make the application maximum send 1 message per second, `100` 10 messages per second and so forth. Messages are stored in a circular queue and the eldest message will be discarded if more than 10 messages is put on the queue.

###Putting it all together
```javascript
var bunyan  = require("bunyan"),
	BunyanSlack = require('bunyan-slack'),
	log;

log = bunyan.createLogger({
	name: 'myapp',
	stream: new BunyanSlack({
		webhook_url: 'your_webhook_url',
		icon_url: "your_icon_url",
		channel: '#your_channel',
		username: "your_username",
		icon_emoji: ":scream_cat:",
		customFormatter: function(record, levelName) {
			return {
				attachments: [{
					fallback: "Required plain-text summary of the attachment.",
					color: '#36a64f',
					pretext: "Optional text that appears above the attachment block",
					author_name: "Seth Pollack",
					author_link: "http://sethpollack.net",
					author_icon: "http://www.gravatar.com/avatar/3f5ce68fb8b38a5e08e7abe9ac0a34f1?s=200",
					title: "Slack API Documentation",
					title_link: "https://api.slack.com/",
					text: "Optional text that appears within the attachment",
					fields: [{
						title: "We have a new " + levelName + " log",
						value: ":scream_cat: " + record.msg,
						short: true
					}]
				}]
			};
		}
	}),
	level: 'error'
});
```

## Authors
* [Seth Pollack](https://github.com/sethpollack)

***
This library was adapted from  [winston-bishop-slack](https://github.com/lapwinglabs/winston-bishop-slack)

The MIT License  
Copyright (c) 2015 [QualityBath.com](https://www.qualitybath.com/)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
